README.md, before:

# Maximal Scoring Subsequence

## Usage
This project is contained in one single `jar`. Based on the input params
the `jar` reacts in different ways.

```sh
java -jar main.jar [--v] [--a] [--p]
```
- `--v` can be a space seperated vector of $n$ values. If not provided, `jar` will switch to **benchmark mode**
- `--a` can be any combination of algorithms (space seperated) in this set:  
   `{naive, recursive, divide, dynamic, optimal, smss}`. 
   If not provided, all elements of the set will be executed.
- `--p` can be the name of the csv file, `default=times.csv` 

> [!NOTE]  
> A csv containing the execution times per algorithm is only created when in `benchmark mode` (meaning no `--v` is passed)

## Run Examples

### Example 1
```sh
java -jar main.jar --v  5 -2 5 -2 1 -9 5 -2 4 -5 1 -2 3 -1 5 -3 2 -1 2 --a naive optimal 
```
Runs `naive` and `optimal` on vector `v`

### Example 2
```sh
java -jar main.jar --a naive optimal dynamic
```
Benchmarks `naive`, `optimal`, `dynamic` 

### Example 3
```sh
java -jar main.jar --a naive optimal dynamic
```
Benchmarks `naive`, `optimal`, `dynamic` 

### Example 4
```sh
java -jar main.jar 
```
Benchmarks all

### Example 5
```sh
java -jar main.jar --v 1 2 3 -3 10 1
```
Runs all algorithms on `v`

Commit message:

adding new params to readme

README.md, after:

# Maximal Scoring Subsequence

## Usage
This project is contained in one single `jar`. Based on the input parameters
the `jar` reacts in different ways.

```sh
java -jar main.jar [--v] [--a] [--p] [--s] [--f]
```
- `--v` can be a space separated vector of $n$ values. If not provided, `jar` will switch to **benchmark mode**.
- `--a` can be any combination of algorithms (space separated) in this set:  
   `{naive, recursive, divide, dynamic, optimal, smss}`. 
   If not provided, all elements of the set will be executed.
- `--p` can be the name of the csv file, `default=times.csv`.
- `--s` convert μs into s (in csv out).
- `--f` this flag is used in benchmarking. The input vec of each iteration is 
   increased by this constant per iteration, `default=1`.

> [!NOTE]  
> A csv containing the execution times per algorithm is only created when in `benchmark mode` (meaning no `--v` is passed)

## Run Examples

### Example 1
```sh
java -jar main.jar --v  5 -2 5 -2 1 -9 5 -2 4 -5 1 -2 3 -1 5 -3 2 -1 2 --a naive optimal 
```
Runs `naive` and `optimal` on vector `v`

### Example 2
```sh
java -jar main.jar --a naive optimal dynamic
```
Benchmarks `naive`, `optimal`, `dynamic` 

### Example 3
```sh
java -jar main.jar --a naive optimal dynamic --f 300 --s
```
Benchmarks `naive`, `optimal`, `dynamic`, increases input vec by 300 each iteration.
Converts μs in s in `times.csv`

### Example 4
```sh
java -jar main.jar 
```
Benchmarks all

### Example 5
```sh
java -jar main.jar --v 1 2 3 -3 10 1
```
Runs all algorithms on `v`
